1.So setup project create your app 
then create urls.py in your app and in urls.py add 
below statements
from django.urls import path  #path is just a default django function used to configure urls 
from . import views 

also add urlpatterns 
urlpatterns=[
    path('',views.index,name='index')
]

create template folder add files then in settings.py in template section update dirs 
as
'DIRS': [os.path.join(BASE_DIR,'templates')],

and in installed apps section make entry of your app 
lets say name of your app is posts 
so do the entry in installed apps section as  'posts',

and also update your main urls.py
from django.urls import path,include //you just have updated this line by adding ,include 

and then add the path  path('',include('posts.urls'))

now we create a model in model.py create a new django model 

like you will see like this 
models.CharField(max_length=100, null=True, blank=True)
now few imp things 
From docs:

null If True, Django will store empty values as NULL in the database. Default is False.

blank If True, the field is allowed to be blank. Default is False.

default The default value for the field.

You can use "default" to set the value that will be used for the field in question should your code not explicitly set it to a value.

Use "blank" for form validation purposes - blank=True will allow the field to be set to an empty value

Use "null" if you would like to store an empty value as "null" in the DB. Often it's preferred, 
however, to set blank values to an empty string or to 0 as appropriate for a given field.

like this is the model that you have created 
class Post(models.Model):
    title=models.CharField(max_length=100)
    body=models.CharField(max_length=100000)
    created_at=models.DateTimeField(default=datetime.now,blank=True)
    
    here with blank=True 
    blank determines whether the field will be required in forms. This includes the admin and your custom forms. 
    If blank=True then the field will not be required, whereas if it's False the field cannot be blank.

The combo of the two is so frequent because typically if you're going to allow a field to be blank in your form, you're going to also need your database to allow NULL
values for that field. The exception is CharFields and TextFields, which in Django are never saved as NULL. Blank values are stored in the DB as an empty string ('').

A few examples:

models.DateTimeField(blank=True) # raises IntegrityError if blank

so thats why we gave a default value as well 




part2

Now we need to make migrations and migrate 
so do python manage.py makemigrations
then python manage.py migrate 
this will migrate everything to the database which is default sqllitte

now create a superuser 
your credentials are username-gandharvsolanki
password- Solanki@123

now we have migrated the model into the database but we havent yet registered that model in the  admin panel 

so in admin.py 
do from .models import Post //Post is the name of your model 

Now register your model as well by 
admin.site.register(Post)

now you can make entry through the admin panel and now if you want to show thse enrty in your html file what you can do 
is in your views.py 
from .models import Post 

now we use for loop and show data but we want the latest post to be on the top so for that use the reversed keyword
in the for loop 

we include titile desc date in the a tag so that wherever we click we get to see the full page  

now we willl use the concept of dynamic url 
which you can easily understand by the code



